Initial shared big-G repository
Files:
1. switch_planck.f: f77 Monte Carlo calculation of newtonian virtual work from complete oscillation of source mass. Detector has cylindrical gravity mass with 8x the density of the substrate, and a symmetric cylindrical counterweight. Source has cylindrical gravity mass. Source substrate is centered on detector mass, so that substrate will not excite torsional mode.  Set a flag variable, "pflag" to 1 to turn on the cylindrical masses.  Setting pflag to 0 will turn off the masses, useful for calculation of Newtonian background of substrate.  Gap, amplitude, and detector length and width are read from external file; code will loop over varous values of these parameters, stored in each line of external file. Previous history of this code is summarized in the header.
2. big_G_input.nb : Mathematica notebook to generate the input file for switch_planck.f
3. big_G_input.txt: sample ascii input file generated by big_G_input.nb
4. big_G_W_phase.txt: sample ascii output file generated by switch_planck.f: 3 columns: source phase (rads), virtual work mean, virtual work error, for each oscillation of source mass.
5. big_G_inside_points.txt: sample ascii output file generated by switch_planck.f: x, y, z coordinates and mass indecies of individual points falling in test mass volumes, for use in 3D visualization of geometry for checking.
6. big_G_geom_check.nb: Mathematica notebook to make 3D plot of test masses and chech geometry
7. big_G_force_Fourier_amplitude: Mathematica notebook to convert the virtual work calculated by switch_planck.f to force, plot this value vs source mass phase for the first complete oscillation, compute the Fourier amplitude and error, and compare this value with that computed directly from the Monte Carlo.
